Hello, my name is Tony Chiquia and I generally prefer eating at home. Hi, my name is Andy. Hello Andy. How are you? Good, how are you doing? Good. Do you have any idea what's going on? No, I guess we're supposed to talk about food now. Yeah. What's your preference? I like eating at a restaurant better. Okay. Because I don't like to cook very much. Did you say you preferred? I'm eating at home. You didn't eat at home, why is that? I don't know, I just enjoy eating at home better than, I mean, casual periodic dining out is fine, but generally speaking, I'm eating at home. Yeah, I tend to eat out probably five or six weeks. Wow. But I live in New York City, so. Oh, well that makes it easier. It makes it easier. Yeah. We live in Frederick, Maryland. Oh, okay. It's a lot. Probably not as many options. Yeah. What was our other question? I think that was it. That was it? If you preferred eating at home, or at a restaurant? Yeah, I think that was the only question. Okay. So the first time you've got one of these calls? Yeah, it was so. Yeah, likewise. Yes. My friend is actually part, one of people running this study, I guess. Like what? I have a friend who's, who turned me on to this. He works for NIST, and he sent me an email about it. Yeah. I guess he's working on some of the programming behind this. Yeah. I actually work at the linguistic data consortium at Penn, which is part of the group that's running, and I guess. Gotcha. So what's the hard about it? Okay. So now what happened? I don't know. I think I thought that there would get a computer would come back. And um. Maybe if we stopped talking, they'll come back online. Well, there's something about 10 minutes, though. Who says to talk for 10 minutes? I don't know. I think so. That's what's in the email. I did retomping about 10 minutes. Right. So I remember thinking, oh, 10 dollars or 10 minutes. Well, because they're taping us, so. Is it snowing up there? Yeah, it's snowing really badly, actually. Like what? Where are you in New York? In Manhattan. In Manhattan. My best friend lives on the Upper West Side at 87th in Columbus. That was my friend lives on 83rd in Columbus. Right in the neighborhood. Yeah. I think it's the Jackson Hole. Okay. Jackson, a little diner. Yeah, it's right on the first floor of the building he's in. Oh, really? Have you been there? Mm-hmm. Yep. Anytime. What part of Maryland are you on? Frederick, Maryland. We're an hour north of Washington, DC. Oh, okay. And about an hour west of Baltimore. Oh, nice. So. And it's snowing here. We have about eight inches, eight to ten inches of snow. Oh, well, I'm no actually. I haven't been outside all day, but I heard that it's... I mean, it's not since this morning, but I heard that there's supposed to be, I don't know, five days or something like that. Yeah, it looks like we're in that neighborhood, too. Are you at work now? No, actually, it just came out to my parents house to shovel their driveway, and I'm headed back to my office. Oh, okay. And I'm gonna put it around there for a while. Yeah, more work. I figured my school duties were called while. What do you do? I'm an IT consultant. IT consultant? Yeah, I do computer programming stuff. Gotcha. What do you do? I'm a real estate program. Oh. So it's a slow day in the real estate business, but a lot of plenty of paperwork to do, so. How old are you? 34. 34. In your shelf? 24. Well, what are we three minutes into this? My phone actually records it. We're almost five minutes, actually. Well, since the guy called me, the computer guy called me. Yeah, I think they probably, that was probably simultaneous when they did the... They'd call everybody and then figure out how to connect it. Everybody or something like that? So do you have any idea what is behind this program? What are they doing? My guess is something with where you're from and different speech patterns or something like that. But what's the company that you heard about it through? What do they do? Well, my friend works for the government and he works at NIST. And he's in the automated speech recognition division. Oh, okay. I bet it's something with that then. That would make sense. Because you're my friend works for the linguistic data consortium and they do things like that. And you actually turn you on to this? What? That's how you found out about the library. Yeah, because I used to work there. We did stuff with... We'd read news articles and we'd try to figure out what the main topic and the news article was. And the idea was that they were trying to figure out if software could be just as good as humans. So you read an article and say, like, is it on the topic of, you know, the war and I rack or something like that? Gotcha. So what's your favorite restaurant in New York? My favorite restaurant. There's a place called... What's your favorite type of food? Well, my favorite... sI like a lot of the one kinds of food. There's this restaurant called Rois, New York and I actually have a few of them around the country, I think. Which is sort of like Pan, Asian, Hawaiian kind of food, I guess. Okay. Really, really good. My parents love it and they've been there a few times and once they had a bad experience and complained about it and then they got a $50 coupon the next time. So then they started just finding things they're complaining about. That's a good deal. And actually, I just finished the project at work and they said we could do something to celebrate, I guess. So my coworker and I went there and spent like, I don't know, close to $200 on a meal, which was a very good meal. Wow. Because I would not be able to afford that on my own. Did you go to school in New York? No, I went to University of Pennsylvania and Philly. Gotcha. Where'd you go to school? I went to Mount St. Mary's College. Oh, yeah. In Namadsburg, Maryland? Yeah, I could go into that. Yeah. I mean, I've lived here all my life. So it's a nice state. New York's fun place to come visit. My friend lives up there and go up and see him every once in a while, but I could never live there. He's transplanted and sworn by it and says he'll never move. And so it's nice to go visit and spend a long weekend or just a show, but then I got to come home. Yeah, I used to think I could never live here, but then I don't know, once I moved here. Yeah, that's what must have been happening. Not different. It's not that bad once you move here. I feel like when you visit, you go to all the really crowded areas and do touristy things. When you live here, you don't see that as much. Right. That's a great city. I love it. I grew up in New Jersey, so I come here a lot when I was a little kid. What part of Jersey? Northern Jersey. Burden County. Just about everybody from out of the sea, Marys was from Jersey. Oh, really? Yeah, I think Jersey's staple crop as college students. It's like what the state produces most of college students. That's what we're doing. Everybody from just about everybody from them out was from New Jersey. Actually, everybody at Penn probably was from New Jersey too. Same. That's a small state. See, it's a smart state. We all go to college. Are there no colleges? Aren't there like, like, recorders? Records in New Jersey. Yeah, and the college in New Jersey. But that's about it. That's it. I think for the most part, people in New Jersey identify with either New York City or Philadelphia. Yeah. So people tend to go to other states and all like this. There's not that much in New Jersey itself. So do you know my friend Steve Lewis? No. No. What does he do? How about Shelley? She'll be. Lannum. No. They both work for this company called Fitzmars and Company. And they actually just got engaged. Shelby's from LA. She lives in New York. I'm not sure where her place is. Steve's the one who lives at 87th in Columbus. And they met through work. They're actually getting married next summer in LA. That's where she's from. Oh, nice. But it's insurance. Corporate insurance, basically.